Resume the Cell-308 MB-S campaign from the exact clean successor state at
d4734231 under the already-recorded overnight directive and all recorded
owner decisions/supplements.

The preserved combined review is:

    IMPLEMENTATION_REJECTED
    18cace37

No new owner decision is required.

Proceed autonomously with the bounded prospective repair path already
identified by that review.

First launch a FRESH NON-HOLDER builder to implement exactly D-1 through D-5
from 18cace37, without broadening the scientific or governance scope.

In particular, ensure that:

1. A designated series ending in STEP1_RERUN_REQUIRED cannot be silently
   replaced by rerunning the entire provisional-cap series and designating a
   later clean series. Enforce the accepted designation rule and owner
   supplement 2 §§6-7 exactly.

2. The successor ledger verifier correctly handles the existing committed
   battery-incident ledger record under the accepted ledger semantics.
   Do not edit historical ledger evidence merely to make the verifier pass.

3. A non-positive job peak is rejected as an invalid R-MEM input.

4. The hosting application identity of the two measurement series is not
   merely recorded but compared as required by the accepted rule/review.

5. Apply the remaining D-1..D-5 item exactly as stated by 18cace37.

After the repair:

    rerun every affected suite on FINAL BYTES;
    rerun all affected mutants;
    rerun the governance-record check against the REAL committed research
    ledger, including the ledger check;
    verify no operational constant, scientific function, accepted R-rule,
    owner record, or scientific membership changed unintentionally.

Preserve 18cace37 permanently as the rejected review.

Commit the bounded repair additively.

Then obtain a FRESH NON-HOLDER DELTA REVIEW specifically against the findings
of 18cace37.

If the delta review identifies only another bounded implementation defect:

    preserve
    -> repair prospectively with a fresh non-holder where required
    -> final-byte regression
    -> fresh delta review
    -> continue.

Do not ask me to reconfirm already-recorded owner decisions.

If and only if the implementation state becomes accepted:

    rerun the full governance-record check on the real ledger
    -> update the decision brief
    -> obtain the MBS-10 reader check
    -> continue to the accepted host-readiness gate.

IMPORTANT HOST BOUNDARY:

Do not begin designated measurements unless every accepted host-readiness
requirement passes at that time.

The last observed host state was NOT ready, including update-policy flags,
busy Storage processes, memory pressure, and thermal pressure.

Do not change owner-controlled macOS update settings yourself.
Do not quit owner applications without existing authority.
Do not work around a failed host gate.

If host preparation remains the only blocker after all target-free work is
complete:

    stop at HOST_PREPARATION_REQUIRED

with a precise report of the remaining failed checks.

If host readiness passes, continue autonomously under the already-recorded
overnight directive through:

    designated measurements
    -> mechanical five-output derivation
    -> final pre-freeze review
    -> SINGLE FREEZE
    -> official qualification
    -> independent qualification review
    -> valid grant
    -> final host preflight
    -> exactly ONE MB-S Cell-308 target evaluation
    -> durable result / accepted recovery path
    -> seal
    -> independent execution review
    -> frozen scientific adjudication,

but ONLY while every mandatory gate legally passes.

All existing hard boundaries remain unchanged.

In particular:

    NEW MB-S CELL-308 TARGET EVALUATIONS = 0

until a valid grant exists and the frozen target execution actually begins.

MB r1 remains permanently INDETERMINATE and consumed.
No failure replenishes MB-S authorization.
Do not touch Cell 309.
Do not alter r5 or create r6 merely because MB-S progresses.
Do not infer scientific information from decoys, runtime, resource use, or
qualification behavior.

Continue now and use the available session autonomously rather than stopping
after ordinary intermediate completions.
